King Agner of arendelle tells a story to
his young children Elsa and Anna that
their grandfather King Ramiro
established a treaty with the
neighboring tribe of North ultra by
building a dam in their homeland the
enchanted forest
however a fight occurs resulting in
Ramirez death the battle enrages the
elemental spirits of earth fire water
and air of the forest the spirits
disappear and a wall of mist traps
everyone in the enchanted forest young
Agner barely escapes due to the help of
an unknown Savior three years after her
coronation Elsa celebrates autumn in the
kingdom with Anna Olaf the snowman
Kristoff the ice harvester and
Christoph's reindeer Sven when Elsa
hears a mysterious voice calling out to
her she follows it and unintentionally
awakens the elemental spirits who
disrupt arendelle forcing everyone in
the kingdom to evacuate grand pabbie
and the trolls colony arrive at
arendelle and pabbie informs them that
they must set things right by
discovering the truth about the
kingdom's past Elsa Anna Olaf Kristoff
and Sven embarked to the enchanted
forest following the mysterious voice
after the missed parts at Elsa's touch
the air spirit in the form of a tornado
appears and sweeps everyone in its
vortex Elsa stops it forming a set of
ice sculptures the sisters discover the
sculptures are images from their
father's past and that their mother
Queen adieu nough was a North ultra and
was the one who had saved Agner they
encountered the nil fall draw and a
troop of arendelle e'en soldiers who are
still in conflict with one another
before the fire spirit appears Elsa
discovers the spirit to be an agitated
magical salamander and calms it down
Elsa and Anna arrange a truce between
the soldiers and the Nostalgia by
explaining that their mother was myth
all drained and their father was
arendelle e'en they later learned the
existence of a fifth spirit who will
unite people and the magic of nature
Elsa Anna and Olaf continued ahead North
leaving Kristoff and Sven behind they
find their parents wrecked ship and
with the route to auto Hollen a mythical
River told by their mother to contain
all explanations of the past
Elsa sends Anna and Olaf away to safety
and continues alone she encounters and
tames the Nook the water spirit who
guards the sea Tata Holland reaching out
to Holland also discovers that the voice
calling to her was a Doudna that her
powers were given to her by nature
because of a Dunas selfless act of
saving Agner and that Elsa herself is
the fifth spirit Elsa then learns that
the dam was built as a ruse to reduce
the natal Joe's resources because of
King Renier dislike of the tribes
connection with magic and his intention
to incorporate the region into his
kingdom she also learns he was the one
who initiated the conflict by killing
the unarmed leader of the natal drah
elsa sends this information to Anna
before becoming frozen due to venturing
into the most dangerous part of oughta
Hollen this in turn causes Olaf to fade
away vana receives else's message and
concludes that the dam must be destroyed
for peace to be restored ahna finds and
awakens the gigantic earth spirits and
lers them towards the dam the Giants
hurl boulders aimed at Anna which
destroyed the dam sending a flood down
to the fjord to the kingdom Elsa thaws
out and returns to arendelle diverting
the flood and saving the kingdom as the
wall of mist disappears Elsa reunites
with Anna and revives Olaf Kristoff ask
Sanne to marry him and she accepts Elsa
explains that she and Anna
are now the bridge between the people
and the magical spirits Anna becomes the
new queen of arendelle
while Elsa becomes the protector of the
Enchanted Forest who regularly visits
arendelle as peace has been restored
you
[Music]